Scenario
The Little Lemon restaurant wants to computerize its inventory.
They want to keep track of the ingredients they have in stock.
You’ve been asked to create a generic class that can manage the stock of any ingredient.
You have also been asked to add a generic function that returns an inventory of a certain type.

Definition of key topic
In this exercise, you will implement an Inventory class for Little Lemon.
This class will have a generic type of Ingredient.
Ingredient is a sealed class with all the ingredient types that Little Lemon uses in its dishes.

The Inventory class will have an addIngredient function that will add one Ingredient element to the
inventory. It will also have a count function that returns the number of ingredients in the inventory.

You will also implement a generic function called newInventory.
This function will return a new instance of the Inventory class with a given ingredient type.

Instructions
Step 1: Exercise setup
You will complete this exercise using the
Kotlin Playground
. Start by declaring the Ingredient sealed class at the top of the code:

1234567
sealed class Ingredient {
    object Cheese : Ingredient()
    object Flour : Ingredient()
    object Egg : Ingredient()
    object Onion : Ingredient()
}

Step 2: Implement the generic Inventory class
You will now implement the Inventory class that stores ingredients.

Start by creating a class called Inventory.
This class should have a single generic type named INGREDIENT which extends the Ingredient interface.

Inside the newly created class,
declare a private variable called contents of type MutableList of INGREDIENT.
Initialize it with an empty mutable list.

In the next step, you will add functions for interacting with Inventory objects.

Step 3: Adding functions to the Inventory class
To be able to use the Inventory class, you need to be able to add ingredients to it and
to be able to count the ingredients added.

Start by implementing a function called addIngredient.
This function has one parameter named ingredient which is of type INGREDIENT.
In the function body, add ingredient to contents.

Next, implement a function called count with a return type of Int.
In the body of count, make it return the size of contents.

Next, you will implement a function that returns a new instance of Inventory for a given ingredient type.

Step 4: Implement a generic function for Inventory
In this step, you will introduce the newInventory() function,
which returns a new instance of Inventory for a given ingredient type.

Start by creating a companion object for Inventory.

In the companion object, add a generic function called newInventory().
The generic type is named INGREDIENT. INGREDIENT extends Ingredient.
The return type of newInventory is an Inventory of type INGREDIENT.

In the body of newInventory(), return a new Inventory instance.

In the next and final step, you will validate your solution.

Step 5: Validating the code
To ensure your implementation works as expected,
implement the main() function.
First, instantiate a cheese inventory by calling newInventory with a type of Cheese
and assign it to a cheeseInventory variable.

Then, add Cheese to cheeseInventory by calling addIngredient twice passing in Cheese as an argument.

Finally, to validate the code, print out the inventory count by calling count() on cheeseInventory.

If you run the code now, you should see the number 2 printed out.